---
layout: post
title: "Re --  flat"
date: 2002-02-06 17:46:10
description: "5391768"
thumbnail: defaultThumbnail.png
alt: ""


author: dug
---

<p>Hi Mom,</p>

<p>I wonder if we shoulda spent more time with Mary. I grew up thinking of her as hopelessly square and Dad quite the opposite, but as I grow older, Mary seems more eccentric than square ;-) ahhh well.</p>

<p>I've started a blog (a web log) which is just a random set of ramblings and a platform for me to experiment with internet technologies in a client-free environment.</p>

<p>I occurred to me you might like to have one too? It is very simple and a great way to record your thoughts for your grandchildren (seeing as we've another one on the way.) All you do is send a message to the blog email address and your message is posted (this letter is being posted - see the cc field above).</p>

<p>Let me know if you'd like to have a go - I've caught the bug and am now rambling aimlessly into the ether ;-)</p>

<p>Re baby, we went to visit our friend Sophia in Oxford on Sunday. She's a month more pregnant than Nicki - quite a sight when you put them tummy-to-tummy. I mention Sophia, because she is one of a growing list of friends who have shared horror stories about their pregnancy going wrong with us. </p>

<p>With just about everything else going wrong around me, my Nicki is having a perfectly normal pregnancy - I guess you get to our age and you just focus on all the things that could go wrong and you forget that normal, healthy babies are the norm, not the exception...</p>

<p>So fingers crossed, it looks like we've a healthy kid on the way.</p>

<p>All the best, Dug</p>
