---
layout: post
title: "E2R"
date: 2002-10-05 20:34:03
description: "7644661"
thumbnail: defaultThumbnail.png
alt: ""


author: dug
---

<p>Well, haven't posted much recently, I've been working like a dog&mdash;sleeping three or four hours and getting straight back to the computer. No fun (Jack dull boy)...</p>

<p>Yesterday took Nick down to Chelsea to see Bobbie Joy, her acupuncturist. Both her wrists have gradually seized up since having <span class="caps">CLF.</span> At first she thought it was a residual problem from the drip, but it now affects both left and right sides and the pain is completely debilitating (she can't pick up <span class="caps">CLF </span>without wincing). </p>

<p>She's just had x-rays of her wrist as the nhs attempts to give her some relief. It occurs to me at this point that the x-ray machine probably costs a fortune, the floor space at the Royal Free were it lives probably costs a fortune and if it weren't for the chronically underpaid nhs staff that operates it, the machine would be unusable. </p>

<p>Anyway, the good news is that Nick's acupuncture treatment appears to be working, and at a fraction of the cost of the x-ray technology.</p>

<p>So I drove her down to Chelsea and then took <span class="caps">CLF </span>for a stroll in Hyde Park. This is my favourite part, I stick her in the Bjorn (a harness-type-thing) and she faces frontwards so she can look at the world(which is all new to her). I can then walk around talking to her about plants, trees cars and whatever else we bump into.</p>

<p>So there we are, the two of us walking past the French consulate, through the gates and across the horse track, except at the last minute a police <span class="caps">BMW </span>pulls up right in front of me and stops us. I protest, pointing out that they can't just stop pedestrians on a whim and the man tells me it's Brenda and Phil. </p>

<p>Sure enough, a few seconds later, the royal limo shows up and <span class="caps">CLF </span>gets to wave at Her Britannic Majesty. At point blank range:-)</p>
