---
layout: post
title: "more GS&#8230;"
date: 2002-12-09 16:25:48
description: "8460010"
thumbnail: defaultThumbnail.png
alt: ""


author: dug
---

<p>Well, Gunter, my big yellow <span class="caps">R11150GS </span>is gone. </p>

<p>(boring bike-geek post this one I'm afraid...) I handed him over to the lease company yesterday and picked up a loaner (as surprise surprise my new GS isn't ready). I used to get really attached to my bikes, giving them names and lavishing tremendous amounts of man-hours and cash on their maintenance. Baby in particular lived with me from 10 October 1985 until I finally said good-bye to her in 1994, her engine broken and in boxes (minus some valve guides). When I picked her up from deepest Jersey one wonderful starry night and drove her back to Manhattan with just a whiff of chilled sea air creeping into my helmet. Before baby, I hadn't ridden anything bigger than a Bultaco 350 Sherpa, so handling a half a tonne 80's Japanese litre-bike (she was a <span class="caps">KZ1000J2 </span>for those who care...) was always going to be interesting.</p>

<p>With hindsight, I'm surprised I never crashed Baby. The early eighties big Zeds where just not up to handling the power of the engine. The <span class="caps">Z1000 </span>could be pushed over the 200bhp mark and many made it into the nines at the drag strip.</p>

<p>Anyway, I digress, what I wanted to say is that though the GS I've just collected is 99% identical to the old one I've just surrendered, it feels completely different. The suspension is completely different. The bike is taller by about 20mm with a more forward tilt and feels faster and more alert. The engine is miles torquier (this can't be possible, but it sure feels like it) so much so that I accidentally wheelied the thing on Park Street. </p>

<p>As much as I hate <span class="caps">BMW</span> GB for their shit service and total lack of organisational skills, I am simply speechless about the performance improvements. The beast now feels a good as a 600 T&eacute;nn&eacute;r&eacute; and just as light :-)</p>
