---
layout: post
title: "Evil"
date: 2003-05-09 13:53:10
description: "10338687"
thumbnail: defaultThumbnail.png
alt: ""


author: dug
---

<p>To misuse a phrase from Blue Velvet, <cite>...why are there people like Frank in the world? </cite> Read the papers this morning and didn't know whether to laugh or cry. The sheer Orwelian-ness (is that a word?) of the Iraq situation, combined with the unstopableness (now that <em>can't</em> be a word?) of the American machine have sapped my will to argue. I've spent the last month composing and re-composing posts to this blog, but in the end never posted them as I used to foolishly think I might just get one or two readers to reconsider their position on the issues but have now lost all hope.</p>

<p>In the end I find this debate is a cruel rock. The opposing camps go over the top and human rights, humanist values cherished for centuries pile up in body-bags while the fucking front line doesn't budge an inch. Frankly, it makes me sick.</p>

<p><q> <b>The two faces of Rumsfeld</b><br /> <b>2000:</b> director of a company which wins $200m contract to sell nuclear reactors to North Korea<br /> <b>2002:</b> declares North Korea a terrorist state, part of the axis of evil and a target for regime change<br /> </q></p>

<p>Randeep Ramesh in <a href="http://www.guardian.co.uk/korea/article/0,2763,952289,00.html">The Guardian</a>, Friday/05/9, 2003</p>

<p><q> Under the US proposals, a new body comprising Britain and the United States - known as The Authority - would decide how income from the sale of Iraqi oil would be spent. </q></p>

<p>Does "The Authority" not suggest "Oceania"? From the <a href="http://news.bbc.co.uk/01/hi/world/middle_east/3012609.stm"><span class="caps">BBC </span>website</a></p>
