---
layout: post
title: "On hold&#8230;"
date: 2004-03-10 15:26:55
description: "13903800"
thumbnail: defaultThumbnail.png
alt: ""


author: dug
---

<p>Currently on hold (Billy Joel "Uptown Girl") at the HP online store ("order by phone 0845 270 4215"). I called to ask which models in the Colourjet series are Postscript, networked etc etc.</p>

<p>The guy (an HP employee) replied "what's Postscript?"</p>

<p>This is funny and sad and shocking and made my heart sink in so many ways I can't begin to describe;-) I replied "Postscript is a language used to describe raster images for the purposes of sending them to laser printers. It was written by Adobe and first used in anger by the Hewlett-Packard Development Company in their very qualified laser engines. These were made famous by the first generation of Applewriter printers in the early 1990's"</p>

<p>The guy said "oh." and put me on hold.</p>

<p>90 seconds later a chirpy sales rep comes on (Angela Dickson x2219). After a five minute conversation, she states that she is unable to confirm or deny whether the HP Color LaserJet 3500n printer (Hewlett-Packard part number <span class="caps">Q1320A</span>) is or is not a Postscript printer, or indeed if it were a Postcript printer, which version of Postscript it would be.</p>

<p>In the end, she kindly offered to call me back tomorrow (she needed to talk to her manager about this) with a "resolution"</p>

<p>I write because this is like a baker not knowing about flour, a children's television producer not having watched "Sesame Street" or the president not knowing the constitution (ok, maybe not that last one). This is just plain wrong...</p>
