---
layout: post
title: "Bombs"
date: 2005-07-07 11:14:42
description: "Several blasts in London this morning. Roads jammed up&#8212;made it to work driving (partly) on the pavement Closest &#8216;blast&#8217; (still unknown if bomb) a few streets away in Russell Square No news&#8212;home secretary due to anounce at 12 -- 15 Phone lines&#8230;"
thumbnail: defaultThumbnail.png
alt: ""


author: dug
---

<p>Several blasts in London this morning.</p>

<ul>
<li>Roads jammed up--made it to work driving (partly) on the pavement</li>
<li>Closest 'blast' (still unknown if bomb) a few streets away in Russell Square</li>
<li>No news--home secretary due to anounce at 12:15</li>
<li>Phone lines are jammed--can't get through on mobile or land-line</li>
</ul>

<p>It's a little scary not knowing exactly what's going on, but Nicki and <span class="caps">CLF </span>are fine.</p>

<p>This is one of those </p>

<blockquote><p>...and then a guy in a Porsche with his radio hit his horn<br />
and told us the news...</p></blockquote>

<p>moments.</p>

<p><em>[11:55] Everyone leaves their desk and heads downstairs to hear the PM on TV</em></p>

<p><em>[13:11] Charlotte just wrote in from the <span class="caps">US.</span> Glad to confirm friends and family still OK</em></p>

<p><em>[13:21] Orange still have nothing on either their UK or global sites</em></p>

<p><em>[15:44] Co-workers are being told leave early. Overland train services are mostly working, but no buses or tubes are operating</em></p>

<p><em>[16:31] Letter from Mike comes in:</em></p>

<blockquote><p>Just wanted to send out a quick email to say that the plan for tomorrow night remains the same, I'll be buggered if I am going to let today's incidents get in the way of us all having a bloody good time!  The buses will all be working by tomorrow, and I believe much of the tube system.  When the tfl site is back up, I'll look into bus details for getting to the venue and send them out for y'all.</p>

<p>I hope you are all in agreement, and look forward to sharing a beverage or three with you tomorrow.</p></blockquote>

<p>Hear hear :-)</p>
