---
layout: post
title: "Google AdSense Account Disabled (3)"
date: 2005-10-23 15:50:08
description: "&gt; Hello, &gt; &gt; As you know, Google treats instances of invalid clicks very seriously. By &gt; disabling your account, we feel that we have taken the necessary measures &gt; to ensure that invalid clicks will not continue to occur&#8230;"
thumbnail: defaultThumbnail.png
alt: ""
category: Le enraged mutton

author: dug
---

<blockquote><p>&gt; Hello,<br />
&gt; <br />
&gt; As you know, Google treats instances of invalid clicks very seriously. By<br />
&gt; disabling your account, we feel that we have taken the necessary measures<br />
&gt; to ensure that invalid clicks will not continue to occur on your site. Due<br />
&gt; to the proprietary nature of our monitoring system, we're not able to<br />
&gt; disclose any specific details of these clicks.</p></blockquote>

<p>Wow, that's convenient isn't it. You can't see what specific people are doing on specific machines behind firewalls so you analyse behaviour patterns and penalise individuals based on those assumptions. I did wonder how you would handle the fact that you couldn't afford to adjudicate each click with human inspection. You're in murky waters indeed...</p>

<blockquote><p>&gt; Publishers disabled for invalid click activity are not allowed further<br />
&gt; participation in Google AdSense. However, if you can maintain in good<br />
&gt; faith that the invalid clicks we detected on your ads were not due to your<br />
&gt; actions or negligence, or the actions or negligence of others working for<br />
&gt; you, you may appeal the closing of your account.</p></blockquote>

<p>Please accept the present note as a formal appeal.</p>

<blockquote><p>&gt; Google reserves sole discretion in considering whether to take any action<br />
&gt; on an appeal.<br />
&gt; <br />
&gt; In order to appeal the disabling of your account, please email us at<br />
&gt; adsense-adclicks-appeal@google.com with the details requested below. We're<br />
&gt; unable to consider appeals that do not contain all of this information:<br />
&gt; <br />
&gt; - Your name</p></blockquote>

<p>Dug Falby</p>

<blockquote><p>&gt; - Your company's name (if applicable)</p></blockquote>

<p>N/A<br />
 <br />
bq. &gt; - Your publisher ID number (located in the AdSense code on your website<br />
&gt; with the format, pub-################)</p>

<p>pub-6496886088358499</p>

<blockquote><p>&gt; - Your website's <span class="caps">URL</span></p></blockquote>

<p>A - http://www.donkeyontheedge.com<br />
B - http://www.labellife.com<br />
C - http://www.pumpernickle.net<br />
D - http://www.bigsaucer.com</p>

<blockquote><p>&gt; - Date your account was disabled</p></blockquote>

<p>19 October 2005</p>

<blockquote><p>&gt; - Your website's audience</p></blockquote>

<p>A - UK designers, parents and those interested in my activist ramblings<br />
B - New launch, not sure of actual audience but target is UK record industry execs<br />
C - People searching for UK-based usability specialists<br />
D - New launch, to date, zero traffic (not been publicised yet)</p>

<blockquote><p>&gt; - The source of your website's content</p></blockquote>

<p>A - Self-written<br />
B - Manually aggregated by two record industry specialists.<br />
C - Self-written<br />
D - Written by a food journalist</p>

<blockquote><p>&gt; - Frequency of content updates</p></blockquote>

<p>A - weekly<br />
B - weekly<br />
C - infrequent updates<br />
D - posts are added almost daily</p>

<blockquote><p>&gt; - The primary sources of your website's traffic</p></blockquote>

<p>A - links from other blogs (have been slashdotted and boingboinged in the past) as well as traffic generated by alistapart.com<br />
B - Traffic to small to analise<br />
C - No specific referrer stands out - general<br />
D - No traffic yet</p>

<blockquote><p>&gt; - The number of people involved with the administration of the site</p></blockquote>

<p>A - 1<br />
B - 4<br />
C - 1<br />
D - 1</p>

<blockquote><p>&gt; - Any relevant information that you believe would explain the invalid<br />
&gt; click activity we detected</p></blockquote>

<p>Well, seeing as your idiotic policy prevents you letting me know what the specific problem was, I can't very well isolate any one incident can I?</p>

<p>However, the problem may have happened because of bigsaucer.com.</p>

<p>When I launch a new site, I check the Adsense ads carefully to see if I need to do any filtering. During the first week or so I check back often and visit all the sites advertising through google. As a result of this, bigsaucer had a ridiculously high ctm.</p>

<p>To give you an example of why this is important, I published another site for a major UK museum. We had a whole series on Graffiti art in the UK and all the 'targeted' Adsense ads were about graffiti-removal services. </p>

<p>This was clearly really bad news and your ads made us look very stupid. (Can I suggest this problem might be something you guys need to look into).</p>

<p>I've been checking ads that look wrong or those that visitors or clients complain about on all my sites since I started using Adsense. I would be surprised to hear that your <span class="caps">TOS </span>does not include this in a 'fair use' definition of your service.</p>

<p>If it doesn't, you really need to give publishers a way to register their IP (or some other technique) so you can filter them out and allow them to do this checking without penalty.</p>


<blockquote><p>&gt; If Google decides to evaluate your appeal, we will do our best to inform<br />
&gt; you quickly and will proceed with appropriate action as necessary. If we<br />
&gt; have reached a decision on your appeal, subsequent or duplicate appeals<br />
&gt; will be ignored.</p></blockquote>

<p>Thanks, I look forward to hearing from you</p>

<p>Best,<br />
Dug</p>



<p>-- <br />
Dug Falby<br />
http://www.donkeyontheedge.com/</p>
